You wake up. It’s really dark. You have no clue where you are. You take a deep breath, and the smell of the place stings your nostrils. Cleaning solvents, mold, and rotting flesh. You try to move, but realize that you are tied down. You can feel that you are on a hard surface, and your feet are propped up, but between your ankles and hips, there is nothing but air. As your eyes adjust to the darkness around you, you can barely make out an assortment of items. Tools, canned goods, boxes, and wine racks. The standard cellar. Then you hear the cellar door creak open on its old rusty hinges. Then an old incandescent light bulb flickers on.
 
Somebody is walking down the stairs, slowly, humming to themselves. You realize its your friend, Lillian. You always trusted Lillian. She was so nice to you. She was always silly and trying to make you laugh. But you’re not laughing now. No, she’s not trying to be silly now, is she? She's not trying to be nice anymore. You were late for class.
 
You struggle in your bonds more. You know she’s going to hurt you, but you don't know how. She’s off the stairs now. The light gives you a good look at her face. She looks sad and depressed, but there's something else there. Another emotion, but you can’t quite see it. As she approaches you, you stop struggling. You know that struggling is only going to make it worse for you.
 
She stops walking towards you, and instead walks over to the tool rack, still humming to herself. Now that you can see, you notice that a majority of the tools have dried blood on them. Only one hasn't been used yet. A large black sledge hammer. She pulls it off the rack, allowing it to hit the ground with a loud ''thunk!''. The sound makes you cringe, because you know what’s going to happen to you.
 
She starts talking to you.
 ''Why did you do it? Why were you late for class?''
 She's very calm. It sounds like a very casual conversation. It scares you more than the look of her face. After a while, you decide to answer, you voice shaking from fear.
 ''I- I- was j- jus- just really b-busy. P-p-please don-don't kill m-me. I-I want t- to live. I have a fa-family''
''So, that’s your excuse?''
''N-no, ple-ple-please just listen t-to me''
 She bows over to be over her face. And then she starts screaming.
''YOU ARE MAKING ME DO THIS! YOU ARE THE ONE DOING THIS TO YOURSELF! YOU WERE LATE, AND YOU MUST BE PUNISHED!''
 
She lifts the sledge and then brings it down to smash your left leg, right at the knee. You issue a long blood curdling scream in agonizing pain. You watch helplessly as your leg now dangles the other way, the way it’s not supposed to bend. It hurts extremely bad. You think that if you ever make it out of here, it would take quite a long time to heal.
 
Then she starts talking to you calmly again. ''Now, my little victim, why don't you stop giving me excuses and tell me why you were late'' The pain in your leg is excruciating. You don't remember the last time you cried so hard. you don't remember the last time you were so scared. Hell, you’re just a freshman in high school. This wasn't supposed to happen. You started making long term plans. You even had the girl of your dreams. She grabs your arm now. You try to resist, but you’re not strong enough. Your broken leg is making you very weak.
 
She grabs your arm firmly by the wrist, and by the shoulder, and brings her knee up. You can hear an audible ''snap!'' before your arm is broken at the elbow and you are beyond capable thought as your mind fills with pain. Your arm isn't as bad as your leg, but it still hurts a lot. You cry out.
 ''What do you want from me!?''
 She gave you a hard smack across the face. Left hand, right side. She then screams at you again.
 ''DO NOT SPEAK TO ME UNLESS I SPEAK TO YOU, YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKER!''
 She grabs you by your shoulders and starts banging you against the table you are on. You keep hitting your head. It hurts.
 
You hear a faint doorbell from the front door. You think you're saved. She gets really close to your face, and her warm breath is nice.
 ''You better not go anywhere, because I'll know. Now, I'll be right back as I go take care of the idiots at the door'
 
She rushes up the stairs. She turns off the light and closes the cellar door behind you. You know that it is your inevitable fate to die here. Your arm and leg hurt, and you can feel a warm liquid on the back of your head. You think to yourself ''Hell, even if I do manage to get out of here, it'll make a helluva story for the papers.''
 
It’s been a long while. Your tired. All you want to do is go home and sleep. Fuck your broken limbs. You need to sleep. You decide to doze off. Right where you are. The feeling of sleep is nice. You had no dreams.
 
Your woken up suddenly by banging on the front door. You hear talking, and then yelling. It sounds like there are a lot of people upstairs. You can hear them walking, and you can follow the noise of their footsteps on the ceiling of the cellar. Some dust is shaken loose and falls in your eyes. The cellar door is kicked open, and you see three or four flashlights. The lights shine in your eyes. They were police. You were saved. The lead officer makes a hand signal to a smaller guy in the back. Three of the officers go to the rest of the cellar. The small one is sprinting towards you.
 
He stops to examine your limbs, and then the bonds. He takes his utility knife and starts to cut the bonds ate your arms. Then you see Lillian. She has a lead pipe. You see the lead pipe come down onto the top of the small officer’s head. He fell to the ground without a sound. She makes a slow shushing gesture and smiles.
You can see the other flash lights coming from the other side of the cellar now. They must have gone around the whole damn place, you think to yourself. You can see Lillian slowly stalking the remaining officers. Like a cat. A predator following her prey. You can see an object in your hand, and you know what it is. A Smith & Wesson .38. Very powerful snub nose revolver, but only up close. She was only close enough to inflict a gunshot wound.
 
Then you get an idea. ''Officer, behind you!'' They group turned around, but they weren't fast enough. Three shots were fired. Two people were taken down. One officer was on the ground. Across from him was Lillian. She was down also. They were both dead. The remaining officers exchanged words, and one of them ran towards you to finish cutting your bonds. The guy who was with the downed officer screamed. All of your bonds were cut besides the one on your ankle. The remaining officer turned around in time to have his face blown clean off, and you watched as a hole appeared in the back of his head. You had his brain matter thrown onto your face. You vomited.
 
She shot the light out, and you can hear her run up the stairs. The only light you had were the flashlights from the downed officers. She left you in darkness, but you could escape.
 
You reach for the remaining bond. It was very easy to untie. You fall to the ground, landing on your broken leg. It hurt, and it was all you could do to hold back another scream in agony. You use our one arm to and leg to crawl towards the nearest officer. You take his gun off of him. You take out the clip. Three rounds left. You pray to God that they count.
 
You can hear the cellar door open, and you can see the light from the house above shine on her back. She cast a long shadow. She was humming for herself, and you knew what it was. Your mom sang it to you when your were just a child. She started singing it.
 ''Twinkle, twinkle little star"
You had managed to crawl under a shelf.
 ''How I wonder what you are"
 You can see her walking towards you.
''Up above the world so high"
She stops at shelf. You know she knows your there
. ''Like a diamond in the sky"
 She dropped down to the floor at an alarming speed.
 ''FOUND Y-"
 You were also fast. You managed to pull the trigger on the standard issued Glock .19. Not as powerful as her .38, but it did the job, and it did the job fast.
 
She was dead. You checked. No pulse. You reach into her pockets, looking for her cell phone. You found it in the left rear pocket. It was one of those older flip phones, but you knew how to use it. You weren't stupid. But neither was she, as she had disabled the connection.
 
You one of the downed officers and take their walkie. This works. You call for help, and you get an answer back. The police are on their way.
 
You lay on your back, thinking about all the shit you just went through. You had to kill your best friend. You thought you trusted her. You thought she was nice. You thought she was always silly and trying to make your laugh.
 
It made for a helluva story.

